Liberty is worth paying for.
Paint the essential character of things.
Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.
Love is always being given where it is not required.
The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
You never know when a moment and a few sincere words can have an impact on a life. 
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.
Every day brings new choices.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
Life is full of happiness and tears; be strong and have faith.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Delete the negative; accentuate the positive!
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy.
The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.
The first duty of love is to listen.
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Where there is love there is life.
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
Life is God's novel. Let him write it.
Simply enjoy life and the great pleasures that come with it.
Life is good when we think it's good. Life is bad when we don't think.
Coffee is lonely without cups just as I am lonely without you.
Love is a carefully designed lie.
If you weeped for the missing sunset,you would miss all the shining stars.
Only when our eyes have been washed by tears, can we have a broader field of vision.
Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
God helps those who help themselves.
If a thing is worth doing it is worth doing well.
It’s never too late to mend.
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives.
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won’t make you cry. 
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little.
In love folly is always sweet.
The hard part isn’t making the decision. It’s  living with it.
The most difficult thing in life is to know yourself.
Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have.
You're not supposed to look back, you're supposed to keep going.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
We are imprisoned in the realm of life, like a sailor on his tiny boat, on an infinite ocean.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
We have to live life with a sense of urgency so not a minute is wasted.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. 
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Everything comes to us that belongs to us if we create the capacity to receive it.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
The world's most famous and popular language is music.
Music is the strongest form of magic.
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
Do not , for one repulse , give up the purpose that you resolved to effect .
If you doubt yourself , then indeed you stand on shaky11 ground .
Genius only means hard-working all one's life .
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet .
I succeeded because I willed it ; I never hesitated .
Early to bed and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy and wise .
All the splendor 1 in the world is not worth a good friend .
Happiness is form courage .
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.
I am a slow walker , but I never walk backwards .
Love means never having to say you're sorry.